take a dozen chefs
ladies and gentlemen you've now bought
Peter Victoire Congress turns him well
we mustn't underestimate the scale of
the job we've got to do until boiling
point yes I think something amusing
success trouble exit on Wednesday nights
of the BBC to all the foolish nots
presented a gentle stroll through
peaceful countryside that would be far
too simple enjoy your walk don't go
round go across go over go anyway but
the easy way I've been a bit sweaty
Janet Street border 366 miles in a
completely straight line you got any
advice for me as I head south to all
Selkirk yes drink alot as the crow flies
a new series begins tomorrow at 8:00 on
BBC two Ricky's on the streets and
looking for favours EastEnders coming up
on BBC one
Fred didn't is building a fine head of
steam for the last of his Industrial Age
series that's in half an hour on BBC two
after an altogether different kind of
industry
once a part-time as a Broadcasting
Corporation OPIC
bed you realize a small people what it
moved from victory home and so I decided
smite programs for small people as well
thank you but the small people soon
became a people to imagine Lipa juice so
the cool price insights make even more
programs this time for new generation of
small people
if I can only continue to make small
people's progress thanks to unique way
the corporation is paid for by the big
people well didn't we turn out to be a
nation of well-rounded individuals Holly
the wandering wife is back in bride
Haven but are her intentions honorable
harbour lights over on BBC one on BBC
two with cries of how much coming from
car showrooms all over the country top
gear in half an hour continues it's car
price campaign
now on bbc2 which final chance to let
off a bit of steam what are you gonna be
in two years time what legend what do
you want to be uh something has been you
know rock legend sounds good
sorry I said I want to be free as now
almost achieved exciting it was last
saying priced at ten twenty knots right
the comedy zone tomorrow from 9:00 on
bbc2
it could only have been one man
bbc2 pays tribute to the legendary
director Kubrick night Saturday from 955
reaching something of a cult status here
on BBC 2 Red Dwarf is 50 episodes all
tonight sound to celebrate a spot of
basketball with the guards or becomes
clear in half an hour now on BBC two top
gear